JP-3947 Fix MIRI LRS Flux error (#9337)
spacetelescope/jwst: changes/9337.resample.rst

> Fixed bug in MIRI LRS resample affect flux conservation

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity:
```suggestion
Fixed bug in the resample_spec step, affecting flux conservation for MIRI LRS.
```
